Comentários de Apps da PlayStore

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thevinylapp.vinyl

'It doesn't work anymore. I used to have this app before and I loved it but now when I go on it, it says page not available. What's wrong? I tried everything:restarting my phone, installing the app again, nothing works.My biggest complaint about this app, and most music related apps in general, is that they only list spotify and apple music as options to pick from for what app you use. As if theyre the only music app in the world. I personally use youtube music and i would like to see it recognized more as a music streaming platform.Very good! I'm enjoying it. Edit: The block feature obviously doesn't work on this app. I have a troll on the app I've blocked twice and he's still trolling me. Also, still trying to figure out exactly how the streak feature works. Some things aren't explained on the app. Still good overall, but some things could be improved. Second edit: I've got another troll now. I just blocked him and it didn't work. Please fix the "block" feature. Edit: And now there has been a third troll.The app as a concept is amazing. It worked well for me when it very first dropped, but now It's just very laggy, jittery, extremely slow and kicks me out all the time. Only giving it 4 stars because as a concept it's really good.Suck itI like this app. It's a cool idea but it keeps logging me out and I can't get back in. Not sure if it's because I forgot my password or not but there's no way to rese...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pianity.application

"I can't sign up just with a email. I think it's a error that think I'm trying to sing in instead.First time I use an app where I can truly talk to an artist. Really cool to finally be able to interact with artists and be truly part of their community There are still some small glitches but I'm sur they will be fixed soon!



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tunecore2.social

'Very very broken. Can't even log in. Text in the app is not readable (it is badly cropped)Worst app... I have released my song 20 days ago.... Steel in process... Total waste of time. Don't trust on such type app.This app is making me mad i just downloded it to make sootify music and it wont let me add my real email please fix that😡😡😡I can't sign in...it keeps telling me to type in the code and it doesn't work!AmazingThey SUCK DICK. They pay a professional Artist with over 500 registered compositions less then $600 a year.., less then what regular people are getting paid just to listen to music!!! I pray they die a miserable starving death. Iv been starving since 2015 with tunecore, & there's no way of reaching them.yikesNeng tunecore social -...lo" network error" is all you get when you attempt to log on. App is literally unusable.Keep saying network error love the platform but it's better on the www please fix!!! Also you guys need to respond to all the people saying they're having a network error it looks very unprofessional in your review feed ijs protect your brand at least make it look like you care 👀🧐Won't open when signing in... Gives me a network error doesn't matter if I try to sign in with Facebook or Google. Fix this pleaseI can no longer log in. I Uninstalled and installed again . It just keeps saying network error. My network is working great. All my other apps are working excellent.Woul...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sprk.music

'Neng sprk music fo...loNo rewards or use for itI love it. Simple and easy.NIceNot a bad app at all : - )A lot of music apps are restrictive but this app has just opened everything up. Nice work guys!Got recommend this app by my music friend. Glad I installed it. I did have a few problems logging. Maybe that needs looking at but after that, all was smooth.Nice app to useOne of the best music apps i downloaded...The app interface is fantastic...I'm on a BLU S91 PRO Android using the Nova 7 launcher and I signed up as an artist in the app and verified my email but when I went back to the app it wanted Mr to sign up again. When I tried the original information I used it said it was already in use so I tried new information. I verified my email and went back to the app and it did the same thing. It will not go past the sign up into the app after I enter all of my information and verify my email.Downloaded twice and both times it froze on the very first screen.Thank u !! apps awesomeJust came a cross this music app which is great. I think it’s better than anything out there I’ve seen but obviously as a new app doesn’t have as much content as the older apps. Still really nice and easy to navigate interface.Just Rated new appNice keep it upNice design and functionality...Amazing to use! Loved itThe app has got amazing user interface....I loved it!Good appAwesome Job guys! I like the interface and what the app does.Awesome...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.qumai.musiclink

'music and furnitureniceI like this app because I want to be the bestTrash app doesn't work keep say error it's dose even play my music when I click play music another false advertising.Best App everbest i ever usedimpumelelo Recordsit's great it mix all my social media accounts into one place so people can find my music betterfresh man j TPCgoodit's a better app guysI'm thinking of how how iwill became the best singergoodproudGoodAwesome app i love it👌🔥❤PerfectgreatI love the promotionthis is a good appgreat app everIt's not even understandable because the things I'm doing here I can do with my YouTube accountsSharing linkI want to see my own music on internetI'm counselor f o wisdom from Delta state agbor am a full time music pastorIt's a best app everperfect and easy to use love this app 👌👌 dopewowThe bestI think I will like this appthinking about music always on my mind But the problem for the Link is not allowing me to open, try to fixed it.goodI am hustle music is my thingClearlyits very usefulThis app is very nice and goodit's good app to start a life.🤞🏾❤Great 👌Good appCool Appgreat time to be herehow can I load my musicam a musicalthe best app💞💞💞goodDon't understand itgreat 😊Wow amazing appits actually easy to be usedIt is very goodEveryoneI feel Good using the app I feel like I'm taking control and I'm creating my own link.It Agnate95 all the way 🇿🇦joemainSo good on mi sideworks go...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.amuse.android

Come on man 😩, 28 days is really really too much. Could you guys atleast bring it down to 20 or 23 days?Best but the release date for free is too longIt's the bestI did not use this app I uninstalled itI love it... hands down! Been the best serviceNiceThank you so much 😘😘😘Yes nice platformGoodVery Good application for new artists. I love this application. Thanks to Amuse Music Distributor for providing such a amazing platform.Please let me know why I can't verify my mobile numbers? It's honestly frustratingPowerful platform for musiciansI love thisSo so easy to use and understand. Fully reccomend for all artists👍CoolI can't upload any file from the app.Not yet used to it.. been not approved coz artist name n compound..World best distribution companyVery annoying and tedious. You should just be able to upload stuff from your phone and that's it. Not have to go through all the extra BSIt's really easy and useful to use, and it started my music dream way earlier then I thought. Thanks to this app, I can make my dream a realityIt's good thx🔥🔥🔥Okk this is great for distributing music to various store's I'll rate this 5/5 great app.......This is the simplest and best Music distribution Application ever. I love it. My songs out there on all platforms as Zion_Boi with this great Application. I love it!OsomIt's the best app so far for music's distributionVery good and dependable$60 a year for pro is an absurd price. And most of the th...
sell their music 🎶🎶👍👍Seems very good so far - I am wondering about the wait time - why do I have to currently wait until mid July to post my song? I would love it if you could respond and elaborate on this 😄🎀 I also cannot obtain a file of 3,000 x 3,000 px. However, I am able to do an even ratio of 1:1 but cannot do 3,000 x 3,000 and need help please 😿amazingly helpful and appealing serviceits sublimeI did everything right and it still won't let me upload.finally, something that helps the undiscovered artistsi love itgoodvery well put togetheramazinggreat frfr broIt does what it says on the tin I can now find my tunes all over the netmakeing my dreams come trueawesometha bombso far.. amuse is simply amazing! easy to. understand and use. no system glitches what so ever.. I think every artiste should use Amusegreat applove itmomIt Deserve 50stars cos five is less 😭 Amazing AppgreatGoing smoothlybest things make days this app make my life😊sometimes complicated and idk why but i love that u help underground artists so much with ur app so much love z3Great distributor! One MAJOR problem is the re-uploading process. To correct ONE mistake/make ONE change requires an entire reupload of your project. It NEEDS to be easier to make any changes post-submission without wasting time uploading the whole album again to fix ONE ISRC code.worst music distribution service ever, customer service doesnt help at all. For every small edit on any release or track it cant be edited and t...
anything could u guys maybe make it where you can just share right from
your soundcloud thank you very much I love this appIts specifications are too specific please make it so you can upload any
picture and any type of music cause none of my music will upload and I had
a lot of faith in this appREALLY GOOD APP, thank you for everything (amuse and distrokid are the best)Made my life easier, thank youGood for audio producers and artistsAmazing app helped so much had problems with uploading my music and with my
artwork at first but once I did everything correctly it wasn't hard at all
I was able to successfully get my music everywhere they emailed me every
step of the way to keep me in the loop so I knew what was going on with my
release really happy and satisfied would recommend if you follow
instructions even though they do seem strict you'll be alright and should
have the same experienceAmuse is playing with my check, been waiting for 2 months on money that I
earned and I can't get a valid reason why my earnings have not been sent. I
love the concept of Amuse but you guys are full of BolognaLooks beautifulI can't upload anything. Everything on my phone is blocked out from
uploading. All my audios , files, etc can't be selected. Every single one.AmazingTryed uploading a song that was the right format but it keeps saying it's
the wrong one, I tryed both wav and Flac but they both don't workIt didn't work my songs did not go to the music platforms that you said it
would go on. It didn't go on any music sites at all. This app does not workThis is literally the greatest app that's ever been created. Thank you so
much Amuse. Thank you so much for what you're doing in the music scene!!I was hoping this would be a good app to use however....I can't upload
anything so I can't get my music out there and I can't upload a cover
because all the ones I have are too small please fix thisDO NOT USE. After agreeing to the terms of use, Amuse owns all of your
music and every right to exploit everything related to it including your
YouTube videos.Won't allow image upload on Nexus 5X, rendering the app useless. No support function, no way I can see to contact Amuse support. Does not inspire confidence.Where's my track? It says I released it on July 31 but I can't find it on
any store.One of the best apps out! They delivered my singles to Google Play, Apple,
iTunes, Tidal, Spotify & more. I've seen other places charge $2.99/song.
These guys do it for free. Can't beat it right?It is so picky with the audio and cover art I had wav and flac files and it
wouldn't uploadI would love to understand, my song on Spotify is at about 48k, but amuse
only says 31k? Please helppThe app is having problems again when it first start. It freezes up & crash.This app is so good! All of the songs that I make instantly get uploaded to
Spotify and other stores like Amazon and Shazam and apple music! It takes a
week or more but it's still super good, great way for beginners to get
exposure.Worst app ever wont upload anything i used waves didnt workThis is the best of the best and the ONLY one that distributed for free.DopeThis app is absolute garbage i cant upload my cover art because of an error
and i cant even upload my file for my song either yall fix this to where we
can actually put out cover art or im never getting this app again im trying
to get my stuff heardSo, Amuse creators, I have set up my entire upload. I have done the cover
art, answered all questions, done the upload of the song, answered all
questions, and had no problems with any of it. However, when I go to submit
my release, it says API Error and that the Amuse servers are invalid... I'm
confused... Please help! ☺ Overall, I love this app though. Can any Amuse
staff help me with my issue? Quickly??Its great for every upcoming artistThe cover art uploading feature is terrible.  You supposedly have a choice to upload from various places, but once you choose a source (for example: Dropbox), it always just looks there. You can't change it to another source (for example: Local file).   You have to make a file that meets certain criteria such as 3000px x 3000px and not have any logos or weird text. All that is fine, but then you select your file to upload and it takes 30 minutes to go from 0% to 100%. THEN the app tells you "UPLOAD COVER ART" again!! It's stupid.  Then, you have to START COMPLETELY OVER. You can't save all the other information you had put in such as the song name or genre. YOU HAVE TO START COMPLETELY OVER just because it couldn't upload the cover art.   So every time you want to try uploading cover art, and it fails, you have to DO IT ALL AGAIN. It's stupid.   I've been trying to submit a song for over a week now. This app is not well made.   Then, you send an email to Amuse support and they say, "Oh hey we'll get back to you in like 5 days." I guess I'm not going to have my next Friday release after all. Thanks amuse. The app has promise, if they can fix this.i KEEP HAVING POOR AUDIO QUAILTY EMAILS CAN YOU PLEASE FIX THIS IT BEEN A
WHOLE MONTH AND MY OTHER SONG STILL NOT ON SPOTIFY can you please fix the
error with cover art and poor audio equality please fix the email error I
want my music on spotifyGarbageI really love this app helping me as a young artistWouldn't let me upload anything even though it was the correct formatAmazingSorry to say but it's bad, you have to have a certain music file and a
photo file so I had to change the files and that took me like 1 hour and
uploading the music was another 2 hours so I spent 3 hours on this app.
Then I had to wait one week to see if it approved but it didn't so it told
me to check my email but there is no email.This app sucks it won't let me upload any art work for cover photoGiving amuse another chance. 3rd times a charm? Maybe. I sent a request
that they change my artist name. Apparently your artist account name must
match your metadata. Just a heads up. But lets be fair. They are helping
you the artist at no cost to. Lets give it another go.Great app to build my label with except for one thing, they are too quick
to deny album art, even when it's been paid for by a professional! Other
distributors have no problem accepting cover art that for example has a
street sign in it, but Amuse denies anything that has other text then the
album name and artist name, they are really extreme on that side. If you
have certain cover art that they don't approve and you want that particular
one, you'll have to use a paid distributor like CD Baby, unless the higher
ups at Amuse make some changes and stop being so extremely picky. Other
than that Amuse is easy to use, good customer service for the most part and
they get the music released!Its so difficult to upload an cover picture i got a nice cover for my cd or
just for the digitnal stores to use but it says it is too big. This really
needs to be fixed. And how do you even upload a song? And what software do
i use to upload my songs. I make music. But this just seems very very
difficult right now. I know i will be famous cuz my music impacts whole
societies. This app just needs to be upgraded like Facebook. Where it is
easy to drop a song.I'm confused because makes a error when I try to put it my music. Pls I
need answersIt keeps saying error when I try to put a cover artAfter filling out everything nothing happens when I press send.whenever I
click The stats menu the app crashesDid everything I had to for file requirements, converted it to 16 bit WAV
with a 44.1 sample rate, and the app wants to pretend I didn't. Thanks for
wasting my time for absolutely nothing. How dare your app acts like I
didn't convert the files. One star, waste of time, never using this again
until you fix this problem.This is actually really good, i got a song on spotify from hereI been waiting for a month now for my music to be released. I havent gotten
any type of emails or indications that it has bee. SubmittedSo far I am satisfied I only have one discrepancy the audio quality has
been altered it does not sound as the quality it was recorded in that is it
everything else okay okayThis app is amazing I've already released 2 albums and I am now verifited
on Spotify all thanks to amuse thanks guys for making this great and
helping me to release my music which I wanted for a long time , I am now
working on my third album, if any of you wanna hear my album's ones called
Arabic trap mix and the other one is called ride away @‌DJBabykswiss thank
you again @‌AmuseI hate this hate Amuse. They Scam Artist s and thief's our Money . God will
not grant you people peaceI have managed to upload songs to Spotify however. The data tracking
feature is faulty. It has removed a song title and replaced it with a
duplicate of another. Please sort this ASAP!It dosnt start upThe update is litI love it, it change my world this. app actually works! Thank you amuse!
Yeah it was a bit of a learning curve at first but once you learn how it's
easy to use y'all can check it out and see my artist! name is ( Diamonds &
Dro ) ✔️👀App get frozen on welcome screen...HopefulNo problems here. Did exactly what I expected. This is my "go to" now! You cant beat it! Go listen to my single, "After The Rain" on all platforms, thanks to Amuse!Amuse please i need the app to be able to accept my social account links
and connect them to the created accounts on the stores, as well as my
profile photo. ThanksNot for me! Didn't like it. Buggy app, trouble getting music on iTunes,
slow support. We ended up issuing a take down, I suggest another company.so far is app is well organized but I ain't even gonna curse, but can y'all
at least add a an option to actually resize the image because I have good
albums and decent music and a back up, so I don't really get the point with
this app if I ain't goin nowhereIts meant to be great but it doesn't let me pick any music to uploadThis app is truly wack. You cant upload any mp3 formats or from your phone.
It has to be wav. File or some other stupid option that people dont use. I
will just stick to soundcloud nd reverbnation at least they dont make it so
complicated to get your music heard.Garbage. You get what you pay for. "Free" isn't always good. Wasted so much
time and energy just trying to upload a single. Nsced using this again..So I dont know if the actually service works since I cant get them to
approve my cover art. The problem is always the same even tho to me it
looks fine, "It's blurry"......WACKCannot upload any specifications with a picture that is not copyrighted no
matter what you do you could use a white square with a pink dot on the
right center and right pixel rate and its copyright infringement. You can
also even write the word amuse with your name and that's copyright
infringement as well.. nothing but that Screen Works and that's it not even
worth a star.. very disappointed in your codingLove this app BUT!!! Everytime i click the stats page, the app crashes..
Every single time. Would be 5 stars if you can fix this! Search BRODY 12
BLOKThe app used to work, then they updated it and now Everytime I try to
upload a song it looks like it's about to work then a couple days later I
get an email saying my submission failed... Tells me my audio didn't get
uploaded correctly (I've tried the.WAV file on my phone, Dropbox, and
Google drive (all three options they have)) and it still doesn't work. This
all had so much potential and I want this app to be how I share music but
it's not as reliable as I need it to be. I'm stressing I have to use
another distributor for the time being until this issue is fixed.Awesome app!! Needs pre order feature, but greatDidn't go past the preview stopped on the last slide.. won't do anything
furtherthis app is cool got my songs up on spotify which is nice but can someone
help me how to sign into spotify for artistsI submitted my cover art twice in both cover art sizes and it still said my
cover art isn't the right size. I just gave up.Seems ight to me.I cnt upload my songsGood and Useful AppCan you copyright to ensure that no one claims rights of your musicI honestly don't understand why this app isn't popular. It's the holy grial
of the independent musician dilemmaI love thisGreat update.......I love itI been using Amuse for about a year and it is the greatestFreeze after openingIt's a great app for music distribution. If you know how basic pixel
measurements work and how to properly export audio files you won't have any
problems. However one big thing this is missing is SoundCloud monetization.
I think that's definitely a key feature especially for artists who's main
fan base comes from SoundCloud.The time I get on it it frezzes you suck who ever made this 👎I downloaded the app and it's Freeze's before I even get into it. Why put
up a application if you can't even use it. On a second note, this is a
great concept.I was so happy to be able to publish some of my original music but the app
freeze on the intro page meaning the "skip" button didn't work,I'm so
disappointedCan't get pass intro screen. Sounds like a good idea. Wish I could use it.I spent a good 20 minutes uploading all my original music only to scroll
down and submit it and get an API error message every time I've tried it.
It says there's a problem with their server and even after I uninstall and
reinstall and go through the entire process of uploading my album with all
the specifications it's still won't accept my project.I think this is one of the best tools for an Independent artistIt froze. So asap i uninstalledIt crashes in the introduction page. Didn't even get the chance to try it.
Please fix.stupid app freezes at introduction page and can't press skip or go forwardGuys. You did well helping me get my trust online. But everywhere except
Apple Music! Why? The release date was 8th of June. Now it's 10th. It's
everywhere except Apple. Please fix it.The app is pretty good and Amuse distributes rather quickly compared to
other free services. What sucked for me is on the artist profile part of
the app they ask you for all your links to your artist pages in the
streaming platforms but when I enter them and then save they disappear.
This caused my release to create a new artist page on spotify which it
shouldn't have since I had my existing spotify page on my Amuse artist
profile and now I have to wait for support to sort it all out. I keep
trying to save the links on the artist profile and it still does not save
them. If they fix this I will change my ratingVery very picky. Just go with distrokidI uploaded a song through these guys, and as soon as My 6 weeks hit, They
took My song down without warrant, and have yet to send forth even $1... We
generated well over 19,000 streams in 6 weeks, and was poised to rack up
plenty more... I kept screenshots of the contract breach, as well as the
numbers/data... Though it's something that, in My opinion, raises questions
about working with these people... Mainly because I even emailed them,
(since They have no contact number!) and They never respond'd, though They
guaranteed a response in 2-3 days.. It's just not guaranteed that They will
take care of You... So be careful guys... I also watch'd another review of
them withholding funds from another artist... With all due respect, Amuse;
Y'all got the game all the way fuxk'd up... and This is far from overGet off of Google play ffsamazing, i love it, now my tracks can get on itunes and more thxIt doesn't let me upload music or cover artGood concept but the app crashes when trying to view the analytics and
there is no way to save a draftbor go back while submitting a song.Ahh. MrrhhHow can I start my music I have no studio and don't know a program to use
to make musicGood app. Reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because when I edit my artist
profile and save it, it doesn't save it when I click back on artist profile.Just got a song thru for the first time. Much easier than the first set up
they had. Still why they want such a huge picture is beyond me but there
are websites that can easily convert your cover art. Thanks for the changeTo me it's based on what type of phone you have. People keep in mind this
is an mobile app. I use an S8 I would say for iphone use a 7 or higher.
Android users a phone that has 4G Capabilities and is on a major network.I was so excited to use this app but at the final step it wont even let me
scroll down to complete the process. Tried force stopping && reinstalling.
Needs a few updates before its andriod compatible.Why i can just listen to 30 sec of my songsI STILL HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY PAYPAL MONEY CAN YOU HELP ME PLEASEMoney takes to long to come... I've only withdrawal one time and im still
waiting for anotherLoved the app upload one of my songs on there.I got stuck on like the frunt of the app like it wouldnt let me use itHonestly i haven't used it yet, but giving this 5 stars because I've had
this Idea for a while now and had planned on deving something like this as
soon as our company was finished with our IFrame. You guys beat me to it,
but I can't hate. I support innovation and I'm all for the cause. So this
gets 5 just for the idea alone.GoodSo far so good, no uploading issues. As long as you use the guidelines
you'll be ok. Submitted 2 songs just waiting for them to go live.Awesome!!!Download didn't workBest app ever, honestly I don't understand how anyone could give a bad
review to Amuse, it literally took me 10 mins to upload my whole
album,artwork included, I just received my first payment to paypal, it was
really fast, I'm so satisfied with the service that I wrote an article on
steemit,great app.It tells me I need a 1400x photo for a cover. But my phone automatically
chooses it's own size, idk how to fix it.I can't upload any of my music because it says it needs to be from lossless
what is lossless I have music stored in my drive and in Dropbox I'm on
mobile and I can't uploadIts good and all but whats with my song not posting on spotify??? Like
today it was supposed to upload and it didnt. Please fix itLegitWhen it asks about the IRSC code then there is no option for no...whyHonestly, the best way to upload your music on the stores! And it's free!
Amuse made my dream become true, and the fact that people can hear my music
that amuse distribute for free is amazing and it makes me to keep doing my
best! The team from Amuse is very kind! Everytime i had a problem or i was
confused i just emailed them. They explain to me all things that i should
know and solve my problesm in a small amount of time. Very professional!
Good work! Please keep doing this amazing thing! I love you guys!I deleted it as I got it because the sign up asked for my phone number and
I felt uncomfortable giving it to an app other apps allow me to skip the
phone number but ya I feel uncomfortable giving apps my phone number.Great to usewhen it came to uploading the art image all you have to do is make sure
it's 1400 pixels by 1400 pixel and u can easily do that in Photoshop ones
that's down it accepts it.Dont wrk tune core is betterIts a great idea buh the only problem is it wont let me upload ah picture!!What is this distributed toBoi it says quick and easy. Quick and easy my ass.If an artist is neither good enough to get a distribution deal nor
dedicated enough to pay for distribution their music shouldn't be released.
I'm glad your cover art rules prevent talentless "artists", who cant even
get a proper cover designed, from submitting. Please do NOT change that.
Otherwise anyone who needs this app to release music... shouldn't. They're
either not ready or not good enough. Either way, the industry needs a gate
keeper to stop the flood of trash.Perfect way to start off a good careerAwesome app I have not had a single problem using amuse, really glad I
stumbled on it.I can't seem to add my profile picThis App Will be a Failure because it's virtually impossible to get the
right cover..Why make something so difficult if it's supposed to be free..
Doesn't make any senseIt's honestly a cool idea, there should be more apps like this. But the
only problem I have is: why is it that none of the album artworks I used
were ok? I followed the guidelines completely, yet my album art was still
wrong? Already deleted the app, no use wasting space on something that
doesn't even work correctly.Can this platform be use to release soundtracks /beats only for artist to
find or you guys to pair up? Thanks ✌️I love it keep updating it lolWhen i get to the cover art it says error of photo size or somethingno stars can't get on windowsWorks well. If you follow the instructions and put everything in the format
that they ask for, you will be making some extra cash in no timeThinking of trying right now my concern is this payout thing. People have
reported payout deletes I'm not down for any fishy business. Im gonna try
it and get backThe app wouldn't accept any of the photos I tried to put as an album cover
its not being helpful at all and I feel is a waste of time to downloadWon't let me upload WAV files. I have been using the correct format(have
been) since I started using Amuse. I love Amuse but this is a huge
inconvenience and I hope it gets fixed fast :(Best free distribution app outMake it more simple do.you know how long it took me to find out how to make
a 1400px by 1400px image I stopped when I couldnt even use the sone I
worked on for monthsFirstly I love the fact this app is free and the service provided helping
artists is amazing. Minor adjustments are needed but the major issue I keep
running into is the fact every album art gets denied. I'm at the point
where I'm submitting solid colors using sans bold font on just the title of
the album. Oh but no. That was rejected to. I'm not sure why there is a
strict rule about album art please do something. At this rate I wouldn't
mind paying a $10 a year or something small for like premium members so
there more options and freedom to the users because at this rate I might as
well swap over to another distribution company if I can't even get by with
a plain green album artI think this would millions of good artists make profits from their vision
and musical efforts.Why can't you just put any song you have ,it should be fixed, I am so
frustrated 😠😠😠Great app, but on the artist profile page everything is jumbled up.I've tried 3 times to submit my sixth track album EP and it didn't work
every time I submitted the final album with all its tracks it has crashed
on me and I use a Samsung phone that works perfectly fine with great Wi-Fi.
You kind of lived my dreams up to only destroy it so I hope you fix this
problem soon cuz I really want my album to have a release date and be on
Spotify that's all I wanted.I can't upload any songThis app needs to give me some producers so i can recordIt keeps telling me my picture doesn't fit and I've tried several picturesI been uploading my music it say i need to wait til i get approved is been
months 😡😡I can't upload any of my music. I am following the guidelines when it comes
to uploading (including properties of the songs) but I still can'g upload
them.This app is not worth it. I been trying to get a single out and Everytime I
tried to upload my single, amuse gives me a big headache about my art work
cover and my art work cover is 100% good to upload . My Song is a wave
form. But they never submit it. This is app is not worth the time.Lovez it!The app is not respecting the release dates I enter when I submit a song,
why would you even ask this then? I even asked for this to be changed
afterwards and been told you contacted Spotify and that they would make the
change but nothing changed since. Also, haven't any payouts yet and my
songs were uploaded in February, the thing is I am using another platform
in parralel for testing purpose and I have been seeing my revenues at the
end of every month.Garbage ♻️I've been trying to upload my album and it's not accepting my album
artwork. I've emailed Amuse 3 times and have yet to get any reply. My
artwork is a painting made specifically for my album and there's no way to
change it. I've been trying to upload my album for over a month now, can
someone please get back to me and accept my artwork??? 1 star until it is
finally in all the stores.I uploaded three different songs but it uploaded one of the songs three
times. I checked the music files and they are all correcti didnt like the update, i always get an error uploading a single, it always says that due to connection error,where i have a stable connectionHello people. Am wetlilly a music guy. Pls check out Amuse its coolNeed to be able to save progress on album its tedious when doing a album with 10 songs then doing somthing wrong and having to do it all over againAmazing, first two songs have been released with no problem... But I want to know if you can get your profile picture on Spotify instead of your first song's coverextorting my phone number? im offended. bye. ill just share from my own site.I didn't like the app at first because I didn't understand it but now that I'm getting lots of plays a day it shows my stats and how much I've made... I would give this app 10 stars if they had it, the only thing I would like to be fixed  about the app is the review process. All and all great app you build a fan base and plays.Love the idea, but it is such a pain trying to upload artwork because they say its too blury everytime when i have 1080p quality. Its annoying cuz i have good artwork too.It won't let me uploadThe app is working well, the music is coming out and I'm being paid... I do however wish I could just type in my own genre, rather than select from a list, cuz I have a special combition of styles. Other than that, I have no issues with the app!Guys this app is fantastic if you use it properly I have one problem, my mus...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.parshendata.groovifi

'Ashique pavrakklaUnderrated music app! It searches songs to your liking, has a slider for electronic to acoustic, energetic to mellow, happy to sad, danceable to chill, popular and obscure. You can even find instrumental music or vocal musics, live or studio. Free and easy to use UI. Highly recommended. The instrumental playlist in"Other" doesn't work it sometimes shows vocal songs. Not too much for it to be a 4 star review. Recommended.EDIT: See below!! App used to work amazingly I loved it. One of my highest recommended apps. Unfortunately now it's in my uninstall pile as the app is no longer functional and does not work as described. You're no longer able to connect to any servers I think the app developer abandoned it. Edited: the "dev" disrespectfully assumes I'm using an old version and gives no further advice beyond reinstall. App and Dev are now on my avoid list and if I could rate this lower I would. Horrible supportLooks promising. Is there a way to export playlists also to YouTube music?App doesn't work, says "Bad request, try again"I find this algorithm to bring me a greater variety of artists and songs while still matching well.Amazing idea, pretty alright execution, only thing that could use some work is the filter system, like when I push it all the way to obscure I shouldn't get people like The Kid Laroi etc. I have been using it for a bit now and it is really helpful, but you do have to watch...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trackstats

All good, amazing app. No analogs. Stats are usefull to any artist.Love y'all. You been a big helpGood app overall! Just hope the stats would ve updated more frequently.GoodEasy way to get up to date popularity index score for your musicUseless appA site every artist needs to have Record labels and Producers included.Its impossible to track and trace your tracks activities but this App cuts that responsibility down completely.With hig resolution not to mention interesting digital advert options that you can share.It is Amazing.Im still baffled about why it's not the leading music app .Please push the marketibg on this app guys.It's supper cool I love itThe app is working fine for me, minus the back button closing the app completely. Rating 5 Stars for great customer support via the Google play review responses. I've not seen a team that genuinely cares about customer feedback and I'm happy to read non-scripted and honest replies. They've taken responsibility for issues within the app then highlighted fixes in current or future updates. Couldn't ask for more! That deserves recognition!Very helpful for independent artistsThis is very usefullGood AppJust downloaded the app. It keeps bugging. Login to pick artist to login to pick artist. I'm stuck on an infinite loop.Some cool features but most stuff wouldn't connect to it like my socials etc. Was handy for Spotify playlist ads but isn't needed constantly. If...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gigco.gigcoapp

'Excellent selection of live music, I never knew there were so many music events happening in the city!It has a super user experience to use the app Loved it ☺️ Especially the UI.💯Great experience'
Excellent selection of live music, I never knew there were so many music events happening in the city!It has a super user experience to use the app Loved it ☺️ Especially the UI.💯Great experience to numeric



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.umandroid

'just wanna resultI'm in the making statement while y'all hating and constipationi would give it a 5 star but it tends to get stuck on the loading page when adding cover photos an yes I've tried the correct size photoAbsolutely abbysmal. They changed their plans which will take off all music off streaming services, neglecting all the effort small artists have put in. Absolute POS app, capitalist leachersmehfireLoved at first but now it just sucks saying stuff like copyright issues when everything I put is original or stuff with artworkBad don't ever download it of u get a new phone and try to reset it it won't allow worst distribution app ever all the worse paid for the year subscription 0/10 wouldn't recommendi fks wit it😎😎😎the best everkinda buggy, but nice, i hope my career go welllove Working With United Masters Especially As A Independent Artist And Recording LabelI think this a good outlet for local and international artiststheir renigging arrangementsThis app was fine untill they suddenly decided to take down the artist that has been there for so long those who worked hard that was the worst decesion like literally uninstalling the application 🤷\u200d♂️this big sudden change of taking down streams just to make the artists take payable service of united masters,this is so shameful!İ JUST RECEİVED THE NEW ACCOUNT UPDATE FROM THİS DİSTRİBUTORS....THİS İS UNFAİR FOR ARTİST...THEY MENTİONED HOW THEY ARE ...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mediainmotion.boomkit

'I was giving 5 stars, but it takes ages to distribute music.....God bless you abundantly, Is a great app for the upcoming artist like me.Best in songs promotionsWell my name is Gospel preacher and the title of my song is "Jesus you are good". I will give them only 3 stars because they distribute my song on digital platforms as they have promised but the Issue I'm having with them is receiving my royalties cash and report. Since my song went live on December 30 2022, till now (March 16) I've not been paid. So sad to see and hearButful ui amzing rate actites AND.CODEC.Love mosh.for.app.apk.is Recomed. WolfLove Brandon P. Turner Famil Curist.GoodThis app needs to improve in terms of service and issues , it's frustrating and annoying. Customers who subscribe to this app are treated or attended to poorly most timesHolle💕💕💕Payment too expensiveInterestedRate you five star very good appThis is the best music distribution app ever,but please also add video distribution so we can also distribute music video, thanks 👍.This is the best platform for music distribution I've seen, since I started my musical jurney, please, keep up the good work, it's so nice and simple to operate with.No use it's more the 1 month I uploaded my music but it's not released till now very bad experience 😕The app is fake I made a deposit and they didn't credit my account. Grateful that I didn't add plenty moneyVery Very worst music dist...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.vampr.android

Good concept but the app is very primitive and needs a lot of improvements like a loooot. Also the app is super slow and has a lot of bugs. I like it but it's a disappointment that it's still not improvement after all these updates...It's fire!!!!Great concept and very useful, decent execution, unintuitive UI, and generally confusing to use.It's super rare you will actually find people to actually collaborate together or help each other out with musicHelpful application for musicians to connect with other musicians throughout the world. Very easy to find projects and collaborations.I believe the app is not that bad as some people describe. I believe Zuckereas will try to destroy everything he can't buy or he already bought. Rip WhatsApp, language change with no notification, rip Facebook, account removal because you are Russian. Marked heart - Watch on Netflix!It's vampr and what a app👊🏿🌟🔴🟡🟢GoodDoesn't work if you choose approximate location in the settings, something it is legally required to.Absolutely piece of trash app, don't waste your timeApp is dead, in a city with over 1m lolGreat concept made a few connects a few months back but now I have no idea how to upload or post. I'm basically stuck on the "discover" screen.It's fun looking at all them folks. I even jammed with someGreat app. It has alot of room for improvement for sure. Socializing for musician in the traditional way will be gone pretty soon. This app will be b...
also can't see the ones you send out... what's the point in that? It
suddenly shows you a text someone wrote you 2 days ago. Very annoying.Works well to communicate with other artists globally. I've had the
opportunity to join other artists but none have followed the same genre as
myself yet.I've tried other apps like this and this has one of the more active
communitiesIt's an interesting app which allows you to connect with a lot of creative
people. Unfortunately it keeps on asking you to review the app after every
swipe.Love the app, and how it can help small musicians who are trying to make a
name for themselves, but I have had problems when it comes to texting the
people I try to connect with. They don't receive the texts and I don't
think I get the texts they send. I'm having to put my email in my bio just
so I can collaborate with them, but if the texts would send it would be
much easier. Hope you can fix this. Thanks.Amazing app, met some amazing artists and musicians on here, I'd definitely
recommend it to other music heads!Love it great tool to meet musicians around the worldAwesome app for musicians to get connectedGreat place to meet awesome people who love music!Nice app, but why does it match me with people who I don't swipe right
with? Keep matching with people I'm 100% I never swiped to match with.It's a great concept but why, when I have it set to search for people age
25-60+ within 50 miles, does it show me minors and people thousands of
miles away?I can't log in after countless times sending email after email. it will say
i can use it but when I get on the app it goes right into the same login
screen 😟Concept of this app nice but the app isn't good that should be, just buggyYou have to give out your location to use this app, even though searching
for artists "globally" is an option and proximity is not needed to make
music together. Not sharing your location is one of the Cardinal rules of
the internet, you shouldn't have to break one of those rules just to use an
app, and having an app that requires one to do so is promoting dangerous
Behavior.I'm enjoying itI wish more people had thisPretty slick app..Gooooooooood!This app is a disgrace. I intended to log in w/ my yahoo mail, only to find
out that the app opens the gmail account I have the mobile configured with.
I had to surrender and use the gmail account. 2/10 would not install again.
nice design thoTinder for musicians lolCan't choose ska as a genre so it's useless to meDoesn't worksThis app is broken. I'm not sure if it's just a demographics issue, but it
seems to me that the audience/users are skewed in the weirdest way
possible. For instance, the search action is so limiting to the point where
the results show me something entirely different than what I wanted. This
app should have first gone in beta testing and then snowballed from there.
On my second day of using the app, all my contacts were gone. Fortunately,
I just had to restart the app to resolve the bug issue. Again, this app is
broken.I liked this app but one problem; people only reply after months and I'm
not able to get notifications.I tried to set up the little about me part, but when I select one thing
another that I already did disappears and I can't continue without those
selected. Super frustrating.Downloaded it twice, confirmed email 5 times. Cannot get past email
confirmation. 1 star. Im on android btw.Doe app to find connections musicallyso when are u guys going to fix this app cuz i cant see my messages at all
its useless fix it now!!!!!Highly request u guys to send notification every time when someone message
on your profile pls pls plsAWSOMEGreat app for great connectionsGood appSluggish as hellGood place to mess withThis is so awesome I can't believe it exsists. I've wanted something like
this for YEARS.Really used to love this app whem it first came out and I was using it a
ton. But now every time I use it it just crashes as soon as i open it. I've
uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and still nothing. Sad for an
app that has a ton of potentialCool appLove the ideaI can't even log in...Excellent concept but in desperate need of update as it is barely usable
due to bugs and not responding. If ran smoothly, would be 5*.Awesomeawesome appLooking forward to using the app, however, when I verify my email it says
I'm logged in and doesn't allow me to use the app. Then when I close out of
the email verification, it forces me to verify my email again, repeating
the cycle and not allowing to use the actual app. I must have verified my
account atleast 30 times now... lolMany bugs. Chat messages don't always update without restarting the app or
enabling GPSCan't log in after confirming email. The app seems to be stuck in a loopWon't even let me log in. It says email has been confirmed but everytime I
return to app, it just asks me to confirm my email again and againFirstly, thanks for the free platform and the great idea. Secondly I would
like to see 3 things improve: 1. A better chat section, 2. Allowing more
media on the audition section 3. Getting rid of "Music Lover", which turns
an otherwise professional platform into a dating app! Thirdly the app IS
slow, I think you should take this criticism... My phone has 4gb of ram and
I run 3d games on it with no issue. But even with no background activity
Vampr freezes and takes very long to load.It's great it connect all music loversGenialThis app is awesome 🤘🤘. Must for a musician aur people ralated to this
field.App is glitchy when you try and play people's music it wont load or the app
crashes/also plays other peoples music. Notifications dont show up and new
messages wont load so you have to load and quit the app about 3 times
before it shows. Great potential just the app needs refining.KkI hope it is going to help meInteresting concept, maybe a few things to improve but it works greatThe tinder of networking for musicians. I love this app as an EDM producer.Makes me do the verification thing everytime, is there no way to stay
permanently logged in? Also how come you can't manually enter in you
location? I hate having my location turned on... Anyway, everytime I log in
I can't get past the screen it won't let me tap on anything :/ proper
disappointed I was excited by the concept! What am I doing wrong, how do I
make it work? :(I really like it, but I can't see if the other person has seen my messages
or not..Kinda cool thing for people with similar interests to catch up n create
stuffLolSeems like a small app that would be useful in making musical connections.Cant even make an account. Keeps crashingnice app❤️ its a good appThis is coolI like itWow love itLike it a lotIt doesn't even let me login. I just tried 10times and still with error
message.A great way to grow is connecting. Music is the soul language so if we want
to improve our world, bring it some heart to it. Music is its bridge.This app doesn't even load messages and uses a ridiculous amount of ram.
Its just gotten worse.I think it's a great idea and a great way to connect with local
musicians/producers. Once it gets around a little more it could be the next
big thingDopeI've only just started using this app and it seems alright so far except
for the discover function... It asks what genres you want to search for but
still shows you profiles of people with completely different genres that
you arnt interested in. Can that be sorted out please?App has a great concept, but still have a few bugs waiting to be fixed,
sometimes it shows the audition from the last profile instead of the
present one, and there's a problem when swiping the profile photo on the
profile modeDopeJust got into it. :3It's a nice place for musicians to find others for collaborations and that.Still learning how to use itWorks great so farGood way to find global contacts 👌🏾Functional, but limited in its ability to cover the profile of an artistGood app great idea just needs more people to know about itThe App is extremely slow and the developers are not even bothered to speed
up the app. It's extremely slow and hangs all the time. Simply terrible.Yeah alright cool, they keep pimping out the way it looks and making it
look nicer, but when are they gonna fix their notification problem? The app
is good and ive met some dope musicians through it but there is absolutely
no. Way. Of. Knowing. You have notifications from a person. Its HELLA
annoying.Green for finding people.I've had a few connections and I'd say the app is great! Even though it has
a few bugs. My issue is with the age restriction, why are they connecting
me with 13 year olds? Why do they need to be chatting with older musicians
and meeting up with them?Absolute garbage application. I've tried to register my email three times
now. I'm out.It's just annoying when they notify things nobody would ever care. Some
famous quotes? Really? How can I just turn this off? Just notify when
someone messaged me.Can't connect to much people of my area, damn my city ain't that bad! :/I'd like to use this app but it forces me to give away all my location data
to sell it to third parties, which I don't agree with. Furthermore I'm
looking for musicians in the whole UK and not just in my areaIf ...some...GoodI'm really sad because I love this app but it won't load my messages
anymore and it's frustrating when I want to connect with others. Please fix
it all together and keep it simple so it runs properly and then add to it
after the base structure of the app actually works because I really want to
respond to othersLocations are incredibly limited, hardly matched with anyone, annoying
notifications about nothing. A good idea poorly executed.Great idea, buggy appHonestly, I didn't find/haven't found what I'm looking for but the app
works fine and the concept is goodIt's been extremely successful in connecting me with local artists.I couldn't even log into the stupid app, entered my email, hit the link to
it, the app crashed and now I'm stuck at the log in no matter what I do.
Permanent uninstall.Good idea and i would love to put 5 starts put the app is full of bugs. The
login thing. When you swipe up a profile starts to blink. Please fix thatI am not able to do anything even swipe option also not workingNice app onLove itit's really very goodId have given 5 stars but the app is so slow and lousy takes my time and
patienceIt's the only of its kind, which is great.It's novel concept that helps a lot of amateur musicians connect with other
like mineded people to create extraordinary projects together.Amazing app that allows you to connect with musicians near you. GREAT
costumer service! Just a really good app.Will not conect. The Icon just spins. Every other app does not have a
problem.Its very a good appIt's a nice app if you want to meet other musiciansBetter than Tinder.Bu it's working good  till  nowSickAwesomeIts hard finding real talent on the appDecentIt's a very great app, I live in a small town in MN, so it helped me to find a drummer.I m trying to get it but it's coolGreat way to promote if you know how to use it!!! Stay active constantly and be open to any genre💯It's all right, I just live in a cultural wastelandVery useful app😊It's a good app but needs to b improved, the app should connect to all such people even though there is a little probability of them matching ur profile coz may b they can connect me to someone they know is  looking for anyone with my profile.... Connectivity with the required person is an issue pls don't limit that..Great app for collaborations!GudUseful in my music careerNot sure how the app works... It seems to connect me to everyone I swipe right. Does that mean they get notified of it? Did they swipe me right before as well? Do they know we're connected? I thought it'd be a similar system to dating sites, where both have to "like" each other. Also, everyone you connected to is just a list of empty chats, instead of a browsable section that shows the profiles. Also, don't re-show me the "show me later" people every day, just move them to a separate section. Also, add a specific "looking for" section, instead of mixing people wanting to network, to "add musician friends" and "looking for" in a single place....



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.SocialMob

This is a good platform for beginner musicians✨It is a great app.....love itGreat app and amazing musicAwesome app...!buggy and useless app. No search results for some artists name, no results for searching by genre. Also, app freezes if try to choose a picture to upload as userpic.Super app for music loversPerfectOne of the Best Music App. Come, let's promote the initiative...amazing app very good idea guys keep it up !!First off the need for full camera access is a red flag. You need it to even upload regular images you already have on your phone. 2nd of all it uses the camera since my camera sound and light comes on while on the upload screen. 3rd of all there's no audio upload on the app at all. 4th of all there should at least be some familiar names on here if the platform has any legitimacy. There are none. All the names are a certain locale only. Nothing local to my area there should be somethingBest app with Best UI with no ads and very easy to use and keep resolving issues Thankyou for this app😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍nyc nyc nycKidu appawesomeThe best app I ever seen and it will boost your talent.... I strongly recommend you to install this applicationadhri_joe de promotion vdeo kand download cheyan vannathaannu parayan paranju..thenkz...5 stars always for providing amazing MUSIC.. Fixed the force closing of app.. i can MOBistener (mob listener) now. Now i demand more, lol.. Lyrics..Its a good app, designed well with v...
future and would love to recommend my frnds d same!!!Nice workGreat app like it........ 😍😘Something wrongExcellent appThis is just awesomeLoving the topics and the podcasts. Kudos to the team.A wonderful application...Not loading app features ..... photos videos.... here Network is good please update itNot working properly, always hanging.God.....!!Helloooowwww I should say that this a pretty much impressive and exciting app. But then as every new app certain glitches prevail.I would like to point them. 1.The music sometimes stops with a warning "No Internet Connection".Although am on a Jio Connection and other apps are working,SMob will not.Need to exit and restart. 2.The music listed is usually instrumental and suitable for clubs and parties not for personal enjoyment;not that it's not enjoyable.I would humbly suggest that the developers look the Jio music app for suggestions 3.The genres of music listed in the tabs have to be more specific.Pop,Fusion ,Melodies,R&B,Metallica etc.etc... 4.Please add some more colourful articles.Maybe some tech articles and automotive articles. All the above mentioned are just my opinions.Please do understand that I LIKE your app and want to LOVE it coz I strongly believe it has the potential for it. Happy Mobbing everyone....😃



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.musicboard

'would be great if it had just rate for it's self but it only has for publish also tons of bugs...FIX IT NEOOWWWWI enjoy this app, and the community has been very pleasant thus far. My only problems lie with the insane amounts of lag from prolonged usage. A few paragraphs into writing my review on the app, or just 5 minutes of scrolling and reading, will transform Musicboard from a dope experience to dial-up internet frustration. I write my reviews elsewhere and copy/paste them now, but it would be nice not to have to jump through hoops to use the app as intended.Love the idea of this app but there's far too many bugs. Bio and profile picture aren't saved and i have to type my reviews in a different app, then copy past them, because the app keeps crashing after typing a whilemi aplicaciónfine, so far, but there really should be an option to sort reviews in a grid, with just the album covers. the way it is now, it is a list, with half the review under it, so if I see a user that has many reviews, I have to scroll a lot to get to the bottom, this is not very practical ...Subpar compared to existing services despite the pretty user interface. -can't link to existing friend lists or contacts so not a very good social media service at all -music tracking is manual when many services for automatic tracking of music already exist (scrobbling) -not that many users on this service so more likely to find good user matches...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=epoch.rellodi

"This app will not open.Faamanu FiuIt won't even let me sign in. Keeps saying incorrect password. Even after having a temporary password mailed to me. Kind of hard to rate an app when you can't even try it out 🤷If you're looking to grow your music playlist you've come to the right place!!I really love the idea of this app. If they can just make a way for you to share your music directly from spotify without going into the rellodi app then it would be a 5 also soundcloud coompatibility would be nice, but it's still great.If you love music this is the best place to find new music and share music. check it out!!!love!This app is great. Finally an easier way to share music.I love this app! ❤"



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pandora.android



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.piyush.music



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchbee.bandfriend

This is the first player I see has problems with wireless Android Auto, just starts to lag horribly on the music and after a while is so unsynchronized with the UI and traffic notifications, which makes it unusable. It's a shame because everything else is perfect (the lyrics search has room for improvement but it works pretty good)This music app is absolutely great. However, when I press the pause button on the notification, it wouldn't stop unless I enter the app.Best music app out there. Both the UI and functionality are very concise and optimised for the best user experience.ExcellentNo updatesrayan aponsu your so right it's great music app I can play my music and share it download if you like music 🤩💯💯🇰🇷💓🔥🔥This an really awesome app , better than many of them . ✨✨✨I love it so far. Since Blackplayer started acting up on me I've been looking for a replacement app. There are some things that do annoy me. The first thing is how there isn't much in terms of customization like in Blackplayer, all we really get is themes and that's pretty much it. I also find it annoying that I can't use image files any larger than it likes, and I always have to compress them. I bought the pro pack since I do want this to succeed, so hopefully you see this and work on it more.It's one of the best audio player apps.The design is really nice, it's really simple and easy to use as well. The only thing I'd like is the ability to change the playback...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.musii.musii

'I met you on omegleThis is a terrible appRight when I download the app and open it up, it decides to crash. Then it tells me to clear the cache. I did as instructed, and the app is still not functioning. I hope this issue can be fixed soon. I was looking forward to enjoying music from this app.eww. it sucks so badTrava bastante. Mas no mais a ideia é boa!Otimo app, com o tempo as atualizacoes vao lapidar algumas coisinhas. Mas eu amei o appO visual é legal, mas a usabilidade é bem ruim. O app fecha sozinho quando clica em qualquer notificação, demora pra carregar e não carrega sempre as músicas do Spotify.Já virou meu app preferido, amo poder compartilhar músicas e conhecer novos artistas. Tudo de bomé muito bom o fato de podermos compartilhar as músicas com outras pessoasMuito legal pra conhecer músicas novas, e comentar postagens de outras pessoas, a comunidade é super diversa e muito criativa nas legendas.Estou amando esse app, é muito bom compartilhar as musicas q vc gosta com outras pessoas, só falta uma opção de chat e de curtir comentarios.Amazing!!!A ideia do app é muito boa, mas ainda não encontrei o que vi nos anúncios, de poder encontrar pessoas no mapa e de montar uma "playlist" de músicas favoritas para quem for visitar o meu perfil saber quais são as músicas que mais curto. Se adicionar isso e algumas outras ideias, acredito que poderá se tornar um ótimo aplicativo.'



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.tamboora.android



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beatstars.studio

'the best of me I love youI'm writing to report a payment issue with my BeatStars Marketplace Plan. I purchased the plan on May 15, 2023 at 11:18 AM Indian Standard Time (IST) using Bhim UPI. The payment was successful, but the plan was not activated. The BeatStars payment page said the payment was cancelled. I already had sent an email to the support with all the details. Ticket no. Request #331510. Please help me resolve this issue and reply to me Asap. Thank you for your time and atteAfter last update i can't see which beats were downloadedtop flowHorrible they do not answer to support-ticketsLets test it out 🤔lit works pretty good. it's just not the most visually appealing.great UI interfaceniceMemphis 👀Why can't I upgrade to a propage with my phone on beatstarsIn the beginning I was a little skeptical but then I really started to take a deep dive until learning more about it and yes you got 5 stars with meThis is the most defective mobile app. You couldn't upload beats at one point and you still can't through the old experience. New experience issue is fixed and now you can even edit your beats now. This is crazythank God for beatstars, it's easy to navigate and very useful to mucho creativeson the beatstars site, distribution of beats costs $20, but in the application it costs $190. Why?gratefulNew update is incredibleI can't log in and I would like to upload from my phone.Please can you other paymen...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.horucco.app&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1

'easy to use and so perfect for creating chord progressionsGood little tool. Needs more chord slots. If we can't change the time signature, it needs at least 12 for maximum flexibility. Also, I understand this is for beginners, but using "major/minor/diminished" [insert mode] is kind of weird. It's like saying major ionian; redundant, but in a way that is a bit muddy. I think if you want to help the user understand how the mode sounds, you could add a button to play back a scale using the mode and note the user chooses instead of the odd naming.Great for writing chord progressions anywhere. But being able to only put chords In each 4th is restricting. - Would be great if each of ticks in between also could have a chord. - The ability to change to 1/3 rythm. - Right now the playable bit is very short. Doubling it would be great so a real progression can be written - If i drag out a placed chord it should be deleted, instead of having to hold it then delete it. If these features are added this'll be a perfect chord progression appCool app 😎Awesome . I am new to useing a DAW. Thank you. 🙂I love this app so much , pls it keeps breaking out after a long session, do some updates, i have been waiting for a year nowGreat, would love 2.0 on AndroidReally is an efficient way to create music.I could only play chords. For whatever reason I didn't have any of the features shown in the tuturials or praised in other reviews....



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clave_llc.JamBuddy

"Huge potential!! Can't wait for it to become flooded with users"



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.amigoapp&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1

'Excellent platform to meet new people and discover new hobbies - very wide range of fun activities so you never have to be bored again. Perfect for people new to the city! Thank you, team Amigo! :)Amazing app to socialize and make friends Very easy to use UI'



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.landr.mobile.app&hl=en_CA&gl=US

"The easiest and best mastering service in the market. They also have a great distribution service. Been using them for 10+ yearsLANDR, is just the best 👌🏼pretty dope mastery done by AII'm in love with it , took a minute to catch on but I have No complaints.Severely limited. LANDR kept bugging me to install the app so I tried it and it can barely do anything. Definitely can't check on song stats or account balance so not beneficial to me at all. Not salty just stating my experience.great appLandr for music makers i will reccommend to associates.Dreams really can come true...If you're a music creator I promise this is the best investment in so many different ways!In every way the perfect assistantGood for the advertisement and for musicNeng landr mobile.....loA little buggy but really niceCool app, but I do wish it had all the features of the online version. Feels a bit limited. I'm not sure if there's a simple way to download my tracks from the files menu, but I couldn't necessarily find it easily. I purchased LANDR Studio and really enjoy it so far, just need an app that displays more of those features!"



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bandlab.bandlab



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ai.moises&referrer=utm_source%3Dapp_hero%26utm_medium%3Dwww%26utm_campaign%3Dapp_hero

'Had issues getting it working. But its good now this app it great!Awesome App.Love thisNice appPerfect application for separating music and songsThe app is very good I like it it's amazingBest app everОчень хорошее приложение работает прекрасно нету рекламы всё отлично Всем советуюNice appGood.99% connection error..!!!!!it's good in it's own right, it removes the lead vocals but keeps the background vocals well. only problem when exporting it the song has a few seconds cutoff at the end. but all in all it's goodNice job for us musician this is so goodVery good work this app.nice sound qualitySo ossem🌹🌹🌹i like this appGreat app to play and working with as a MusicianYeah, 10M downloads...you guys don't need my review. The app is perfect, and free. Can't help it but give it 5 stars, it does everything to help me capture every detail in each instrument. Too good to be true. I love it, period.روعه انصحه بستخدامه ✨🌚great, effecient and trustworthy appGood appVery helplful for me as a musician. THE BEST! Thank You...TnxI really love this app.....Love this appAbsolutely terrible...I try to put a link in for a song and it doesn't work...such as :spotfiy...youtube...deezer...tidal.Greatlove itFake app can't do anythingGood job!This is a Amazing apps for band music👍Very easy sign in and setupمرااااااااا حلووو💥💥💥👍Very good appIs rally goodPerfect 💯Whaaaat ?????excellent app best frThe issue I have with this a...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brainfm.app&hl=en_US

best for studybest meditation app IV foundTop productivity app. I just wish the web version was improved.This is a phenomenal app. It really does work. Since the revamp of the user interface on desktop and mobile its much easier to use. I use this mainly for deep work, but do also use it for afternoon naps and meditating, it works in all areas. There is also a lot more variety now in the music. Keep up the good work Brain.FM. I would highly recommend this app.Really works, must have for those into mindfulness.as someone with ADHD I went deep to find out about how music and sound can help with ADHD, I have to say that brain.fm's approach fits me right, the amount of customization of the effect, the amount activities that have their own music and even meditation is just so valuable to me. Totally worthy of the 5 star ratingGreat music. I can feel the effects. App has improved considerable compared to the initial release. The library section needs an upgrade. Song tracks are not separated by purpose, besides the general categories of focus, relax and sleep. Meaning that if you want one of your liked creativity tracks, you need to look at all the focus tracks in order to find it. Personalized playlists or an "add to queue" option may be a good add-on in order to create your own mixed sessions.This app was essential to me before the pandemic and still benefits me today. Brain.fm improves my concentration and helps me destress. Well worth ...
mind. No frills, settings or configuration to muck around with. Download
the app, invoke a state of mind. Profit. I heard a rumour that they are
coming out with a workout version too. I'm really excited about this!!The idea is good, but the time to use this app is limited and after few
sessions listening you are obligated to pay in order to keep the app's
functions.When I feel a bit overwhelmed and can't stay on task I will put on my noise
cancelling head phones and use the focus setting. It really seems to calm
me down so I can complete one task at a time.Amazing to use when having a hard time to fall sleep. Also if you are
having a headache, the guided meditation works magic on thatThe service is ok, but this app is terrible. Can't exit the application.
Can't change the storage for offline sessions.The buffering gets extremely frustrating, especially when music stops while
I'm asleep. It makes me wake up depending on where I am in my sleep cycle.Really works.The app is great and I've not had any buffering issues so far. I use this
at work for focus and at home to relaxGreat app to help separate you from everything outside and focus on the
things you want to.Plz can u make it freeThe most recent Android version of the app has some technical problems. The
music gets cut off sometimes for no reason within the first few minutes.
Other times, it is working fine. Would be great if this bug can be fixed
asap.excellentNew review: THIS APP NEVER STOPS BUFFERING. I press start and frequently
wait 5-15 minutes to hear anything. They need to improve the service. (It
used to be great, see my old review) Old review: Absolutely incredible for
productivity when studying, worth every centHelps me focus greatly on my work and tedious online tasks!The app itself I love but the buffering issue is really bad when you are
expecting 2 hours of focus and you get random silence moments. That being
said I really love the unguided meditationToo many buffering issues. It's rare to have the app go more than 15
minutes without halting for several seconds then restarting a session. Good
in concept but the buffering makes it all but unusable except for the short
meditation sessions.I enjoy this app but how do you get guided meditation? That used to be
available but I can't see the option now?Awesome app I've used from day one. I was involved in beta testing and it's
only gottten better in terms of more music genres, more mental states to
achieve, increased play time and offline playability. The app has always
been reliable and consistent. Quality company that does research to help
improve your life on many levelsBuffering goes beyond annoying. Not worth the money for what you get.This app makes time in the dry sauna melt away much easier. I use essential
oils and the meditation mode and can easily get 30 minutes in daily. That
alone is worth the subscription charge to me. I also use the sleep mode
when my wife snores and the dogs are pacing the house and it keeps me in
good deep sleep.GoodNo matter what connection I use, WiFi or cellular data, all I get is
buffering, buffering...I have been using Brain FM for years via a desktop app, so I am enjoying
the android version. Super clean, easy to use and intuitive. Download
tracks to use offline, awesome :-)It's amazingly effective. Just two tweaks I'd like to address: 1. It stops
playing sometimes about 10-30 minutes through, even with offline. 2. It
would be nice if I can download it without playing it, and select ones to
listen to when I haven't downloaded it.The music is great and seems to do what it purports to do, however after
determining this and deciding to purchase a subscription, it is still not
showing up as me now being a Pro user. This isn't something that should
take time in the digital age, when the purchase is complete it should be
upgraded immediately. After several emails with support, they vanished,
leaving me with no solution to the problem. They clearly have a long way to
go if they intend to be successful long term.Awesome app for ambiguous music/tunes. Helps me find exactly what I'm
looking for to match my work and mood.Money money money.. Smh you turn something as beautiful as meditation into
a shameless ploy of profit. I genuinely hope not everyone is dumb enough to
fall for this, as someone with a fair amount of experience let me warn you
that meditation does not require guides or music, it requires diligent
practice.Been using this for about a year and a half now, and it's great! My only
complaint (and it's pretty minor) is that the track automatically pauses
whenever my phone recieves a text! Far as I can tell, there's nothing in
the settings that allows me to adjust this!Capability to set arbitrary timer is missing thoughGood regular app, what can I say more...I find it impossible to study with any sort of background noise so this is
key to helping me focus and get down to work. Also very useful for sleeping
if there's people still up in my apartment. Not sure what causes it, but I
do find the app stuttering every now and then even when I've got a strong
connection. That's the only thing for me that stops it getting the 5 stars.Service itself is great. However application doesn't work well with latest
Android. Doze mode suspends app when screen is off. Missing background
service. So app basically unusable. Have to stick with webI listen to this whenever I need to focus on work or a project or when I
need to unwind and meditate to relax. It's very effective for me and the
focus grooves or thunder work well. I've also begun using the sleep thunder
routine and it works pretty good but having a comfortable pair of
headphones you can sleep with is key. I recommend this to all of my friends
and love to support these developers.Been using this on desktop for ages so I'm thrilled to have it in app form
now. With headphones, it's an amazing way to get into a flow state. I've
tried other "background noise" apps and programs and I've pared down to
just Brain.fm for now. Please keep improving the app and thanks for making
it!Helps me sleep relax and focus and study can't be without it!Медный основной сайт - тяжело слушать музыку за компьютером, очень
навязчиво предлагают подписатьсяFocus friendly.Great Tool for mental enhancement.Whenever I am struggling to fall asleep and stay asleep, I use BrainFM. I
was skeptical, but it really works.If you are looking for a variety of brain entrainment sessions then this
app offers that. I was able to purchase a lifetime subscription when they
were still in between so I can't speak to cost.Loved the browser version, now loving the app .... at last! Finally,
binaural beats that aren't boring. One small problem is that every 15mins I
get a long pause during playback even with offline content?Music that matches the intent/activity. I love it!Good musical instruments.Good but too expensiveGreat for keeping focus, but despite my network/connection speeds, the app
spends the first minute buffering. The online version isn't anywhere near
as slow.Simply the best. The new Grooves category is fantastic.A great helper to relax, focus, and meditate. I love it.Although sometimes glitchy and slow to respond, the app has done wonders
for getting me in that "flow state" for work. Also, the meditation portion
seems to add value to my meditation as I get in that zone a lot quicker
than if it was without the app. Overall worth the money.Really helpful for staying focused on my tasksGreat App for focusing. I pay for this service every month as it helps me
focus for Uni study. I listen to the sleep music every nights. One
suggestion for the developers is they have more types of focus music such
as a electronic classical and also more varieties of sleep music. Oversll I
highly recommend this app and service.Focus helps me get more done faster.Love to use this app to help sleep. However if a phone call comes in or an
alarm goes off, it pauses playback completely and doesn't resume. This is
the one app that doesn't resume playback if interrupted.Everyone is up to http://money.It  helped me a lot.But after a while it is asking
me for money to use it further.Why?Why you can't help someone for free
without any conditions?buffering continuously.. it's really distractsWorks very well for me, especially for Focus at work. No issues with
buffering.Wonderful tracks and unlike anything available for sleep/focus/chill music.
Slight issues with buffering but overall a very original and lifestyle
beneficial app.Constantly buffers which breaks my concentration and defeats the purpose of
the app. Been putting up with this for months thinking it must be an
obvious fix but my patience has finally worn thin. I'm going back to Focus
At WillThis app is awesome for study sessions and meditation breaks. I use it
daily.I use for sleeping, naps, and focused work. Really great tracksLifetime subscription and i love itOne of My favorite life hacks5 start idea with 3.5 Star implementation. App is still a little buggy,
sometimes does not steam, other times, does not play from downloaded files
when needed. Sometimes it is partially killed by power management software,
and keeps playing, but does not adjust tracks or stop at the scheduled timeLoved it! Been using this app for a solid year I think, just wish it was
less buggy on Android.I have been using this app when having a tough to sleep and it has helped
clear my mind so I can fall asleep more quicklyReally helps me focus. Sometimes the music gets slightly glitchy but
skipping to the next track fixes it.🤘👌👏👍So far so goodAwesome creationIt worksThis is a fantastic little app. I find my concentration levels noticeably
rise while listening to the 'Focus' music section. Being someone who is
easily distracted, I find this app also enables me to retain these enhanced
concentration levels for longer. Don't know how it does what is claims to
do but it certainly seems to work. I have purchased a lifetime
subscription. A big thank you to the developers.ExcellentWorks exactly as described, love this app!!! Major breakthrough in
productivity for me, does great getting me focused and reduce all the
distractions and noise of an open office.Love the musicI like the groove focus.The focus music is great, and a major part of my working day.Add Google Chromecast support It would be really nice if this software had
Chromecast support Google home, Chromecast audio, and Chromecast video,....
So that you can use it in the entire office/home work area! so it may not
just be for one person working it can be for the entire groupThe service is fantastic! I suffer from distraction problems, occasional
sleep problems, and I have a synesthetic relationship to music where I hear
the colors and textures of sounds around me (which can be very
distracting). When I turn on an atmospheric focus track, I'm immediately
given a different perspective to my work. The flickering, vibrating
undercurrents to the soundscape help drive intention and motivation forward
since the place exists in a state of perpetual forward motion. The
atmospheric sounds help take me out of my head and into a different
location where my scattered thoughts don't exist and I can focus on the
task at hand. I can pause to "look around" the soundscape, but focus snaps
back into place when I turn my ear to the vibrating undercurrents. I like
to worldbuild and write, and some of the soundscapes help me get a clearer
vision of locations and mood. Definitely worth subscribing to! Most likely
going to buy access to the service in the future once I can muster up a
lump sum payment.The person who gave opinion in the first was right it's simply waste of mbAbsolute perfection! Thank you so much brain.fmAwesome app life memberThe service itself is incredible. Every category has been highly effective
for me in exactly the way it itends to be. The app itself can be a little
frustrating with buffering, random start & stop times, timeouts, and other
bugs, but for how well the actual music works, I don't mind dealing with
that stuff whatsoever.App sucks. Constantly buffers even when everything else is running very
fast. Like the service but the app fails frequently and causes a lot.of
lost time waiting to see if it will ever work.Love it but two things bugs me. First that I can only play 30 min sessions
in offline mode, why is that? Second when a offline sessions ends it screws
up my phone and I can't do anything on it for a few minutes.Any one here becouse of bright sidesound for feeling better !Helps me think and sleep😡😡I love this app - for focus especiallyI was very sceptical of this application's claims, but after giving it a
try, I'm sold. In particular, I find it helpful for improving sleep and
rsstfulness, but the focus setting (I use 30min one 60min sprints with
quick breaks) also seems to be very effective in keeping me on track. Some
folks have mentioned buffering issues. Those only happen to me when I run a
VPN, so it maybe a network routing or CDN issue. I definitely use the
offline option a lot (flights, commuting, etc).Useful app. It is a very good implementation of binaural beats. I have
found it particularly useful in getting to sleep, although it's very
helpful with focus as well.These tracks are amazing.Im the type to get stressed out easily and the music that plays here is
just pure magic.I would gladly pay $10 or $20 for the app. But the last thing I want is
another subscription service in my life. Sorry Brain.FM your pricing
strategy drove me away.Incredible app!!! Everyone should try it and you'd know it totally works!
Gets me in the right mind for whatever task I'm on to. SO WORTH THE MONEY!
;)This has been a great tool to get in the zone quickly. Works best with
headphones, especially noise-canceling headphones in an open office
environment. I find myself zoning in after less than 5 minutes after
hitting play. Soon enough it was the moment I my ears in. Great app, love itTracks stay in buffering mode and do not playI liked the idea and excitedly got the annual price. Just wasn't for me.
The customer service was eventually responsive and I got my solution when
called upon.Worth it!It didn't workSleep audio stops playing after a short while and the app has rebooted my
phone 4 times. I sent an email on 1st June but not heard anything. If I
don't hear anything back soon I will be requesting a refund.This is a wonderful app to achieve flow state quickly. Much better than
music with distracting vocals. Grab a coffee listen to focus mode for 15
minutes and you are primed for your battle. It can be glitchy at times like
for 3-4 secs in mid of play, not a serious issue for me but needs fix.I find this great for focus, sleep and general relaxing when music or audio
books don't suit.Awful. Took 3 minutes to start playing a song, the song wasn't good, then
it started buffering for 30 seconds every 3 seconds. And they want me to
pay $6.99 a month for this? Curated mediocre music that I can't change or
even hear? Wow.Amazing states of relaxation can be reached repeatedlyIt's like Adderall that you listen to.Focus and relaxation modes really help me get through tough coding days and
get me into the right mindset.If you spend most of time coding, you should definitely check this out.A glorified Spotify playlist. I would gladly pay upwards of 10 dollars for
this app, but as a monthly service plan, this app is horribly overpriced.
Claims of scientific efficacy are overblown at best and pseudoscience at
worst. Add in technical issues with offline play, and this app is gone from
my phone before my 5 free trial plays have lapsed.Loved the app to start. After a could months all it does is buffer....i get
a minute or so of music and several minutes of buffering. Not reliable, if
I had to do it again I wouldn't have spent the money.Great app been using it for months. Really helps me focus and I feel a
difference at workServer crashes when I try to download it.Use this everydayI've been experiencing some absolutely on point focusing sessions. I'm a
huge fan of the meditation as well. Looking forward to their continued
success.I like the content but it does not work properly in offline mode, this
needs to be fixed, I've tried it in different devices with the same result,
it stops about an hour in and then plays and pausesOffline downloads only 30 minutes and sometimes it randomly skips to a new
song, but all in all a good app.All the modes put me to sleep.Great app, really helps my focus and stay on task.I use the sleep, focus, and relax portions and have had amazing results! I
couldn't wait to get this app once I heard about it and I am SO glad I
did!! I use it at night to help me sleep, during the day to help me relax
or focus, and have found it to be one of the best apps I have purchased.Would like to see extended recharge times to 90 minutes, as well as more
music choices for unguided meditation. I would like 45 and 60 minute
meditation options, too. It's the same recordings, over and over.Love all the different features of this app/website! The focus and
meditation sections are my favorites 😁It really keeps up its promise and I can't be more satisfied with an app.
Cheers @‌brain.fmWas loving it but it stopped working. Hopefully there is a fix soon!The web version works great for me, I use it daily when I work and it's been of great help. However, the App does not  work that well.  These are the 2 scenarios I often encounter with the App: 1) The music stops playing randomly when I sleep (listening to music Online). I select 8h for example, then I wake up after a few hours and the music has stopped. If I turn my screen on, it resumes, but I don't want to wake up just so I can go back to sleep again. Not sure what might be causing it.  2) Downloading the sounds to listen to them offline sounds great, but for some reason works  terribly. Every time I've tried to listen to any of the Sleep sounds offline, the phone gets hot like crazy (the CPU is obviously at full load for whatever the reason), the battery drains maybe 5x faster than usual.  I do not encounter this issues when listening to the sound Online, but then the first scenario I described happens.  TL;DR: The music is great, the app is not.The randomized frequency really works. The focus definitely gets me in flow
at work. I sleep with it alot but the nap one for 15-30 minutes eases you
right out and into real rejuvenating short rest. Awesome product!!!!!I like it. I bought lifetime subscription.Amazing app great sound tracks, the thing I utilise most is the guided
meditations they are amazing in the morning or anytime you feel it would be
particularly hard to reach a state of deep relexation. I would highlighly
recommend this app!I signed up and the got into the app and realized you only get five free
sessions. I accept that free apps use ads to help pay for them sometimes,
but this setup means I can't use the app without signing up for a paid
subscription. And based on the other reviews which often state
unreliability as a con, I'm not paying for it.I do feel the focus music helps me to concentrate while in a relaxed mode.
The download music only lasts 30 minutes. That's is annoying.Great core product hampered by a buggy app. Half the time the play button
hangs while appearing to buffer. The sleep timer doesn't stop the song from
playing after the set time. I'd also like to see an option to Chromecast.
Despite an underdeveloped app, the songs really work. I can't start my
morning office routine with the Focus soundtrack. It was still we'll worth
the lifetime membership 👍Does what it says on the tin.Over priced for the service offered. Would not stop buffering which made
the decision not to buy easy.Works fantastically, and I'm really excited for the company's future
releases/improvements. I use it everyday. 4 out of 5 because sometimes it
can take a bit to buffer, and therefore not work during a scheduled part of
your day. This doesn't happen all that often though.Perfect app, I would like to have some tracking sessions. Specially for the
mediation.Doesn't workApp is unreliable, hardly ever works. Skips songs randomly stops.No buffer , just continuous music with no interruptions , absolutely
wonderful , I even downloaded some music to play when I am offline with the
option, if your internet connection is bad then maybe it's the way to go
for you , really good, I got the lifetime deal as soon as the app was
available ,. Never regretted it and I advise to get it before it goes away
, I have had questions and buggs at release , every email I sent was
responded rapidly , great job overall and all the buggs I had seem gone now
, nothing bad to say, I do wish we could download tracks longer than 30
minutes for the offline option but that's a minor inconvenience for me I
mostly use meditation, relax and focus , they are similar but different
enough so I choose one over the other for different effects but it works
wonders , if you have stressfull jobs like me I recommend guided meditation
once in a while , just something about listening to someone guide you, also
put the volume very high , within acceptable limits not to damage your
inner ears of course but it's really important for a total immersion when
using itEDIT: Restarting phone solves below issues. Still shouldn't be that way, but can actually use it now and utilize its amazing features  I really love it, its helped me a lot in the short time ive had it, but the  mobile app simply does not work. Expect to only use the browser option,  which is a massive shame. In my case, simply opening the app causes a black  screen and freeze. I can sometimes swipe from the left to open the landing  page, but that too freezes. I really like the service, but this is  unacceptable.Give it some time, it works.Very useful when you have a lot of background noise grabbing at your
attention. This helps me zero in!Music simply would not play. It seems to buffer over and over. Never
actually played anything though. I've got Google Fiber so I know it's not
my connection.Was using it and was considering upgrading but then it stopped working.
Buffers then pauses itself. Also, the time limit doesn't seem to work.
Looked through reviews and see many others are having issues with the app
being buggy. Made my decision not to purchase easy.I love Brain.fm as a product. However, this app doesn't work. It buffers
non-stop, even after quitting, force stop, reinstalling - the app won't
play. I am a long time user/early adopter with a life time subscription. I
am extremely disappointed, as I formerly depended on this app.Works as advertised. Probably needs a bit more variety on autoplay.App takes an incredibly long time to buffer even with excellent wifi
connection. Music will cut often and resume again after a few seconds. I
had really good hopes for this app.Amazing. This app helps me more focus & relaxI love this app. I pay for it. I like all the various options with each
subject. Fits all types of situations. I highly recommend this app,
especially those who have anxiety, sleep issues, even PTSD.I find it just stalls a lot. You're waiting for your music to come on and
the wheel just keeps spinning and spinning. Used this on both Apple and
Android and it's a problem they haven't fixed in years.I really like this application. I've heard them speak on a podcast called
MindPump where they dove in why this is different from Spotify or other
types of audio. It will be interesting what their recent funding brings to
light for documented usage! I heard them say the lifetime deal was going
away soon so I had to buy it before that deal was off the table. When I try
to use the sleep setting for 8 hours it takes it a few tries to kick in. I
really enjoy the focus part of the application and I'm definitely looking
forward to a workout section! Keep it up!Focus works for meIve only listened to it for 30mins and its already blown me away with the
impact it has on how i feel! Ive signed up and looking forward to using it
more ;)I actually did REAL homework today. Thanks to this app.Keep buffering even on 4g connection also price is too high in IndiaThe only evidence that this app does what it claims to do is the studies
that the company itself has funded (always a sign to be extra skeptical
about the claims) which have not been peer reviewed or replicated (aka the
studies can claim whatever they want even if they reach conclusions that
are not repeatable) and anecdotal evidence from reviews (which are of no
actual value). Take with a massive grain of salt eering on the side of this
being absolute pseudoscience that does nothing until study results are peer
reviewed and published.I love the program and the app. Little glitchy on my end. Maybe theirs.
Nonetheless, they're responsive and accommodating. Thank you, for a
spectacular product.This really works for me (focus mode for coding, studying). I recommend it
for distractible people.Great product. Use the sleep and focus modes.Love it! I heard about it through a time management professional. Very
helpful to stay on task!Amazingly easy to use and very effective. Great app.Legitimately the business. Having trouble getting down to work? Brain.fm.
Having trouble staying focused? Brain.fm. Time for a nap? Brain.fm. Having
trouble sleeping? Brain.fm. Absolute game-changer - cannot recommend enough.I'm a proud lifetime paid member.Amazing app! I use it for everything. Work, sleep, studying, naps, while
doing yoga! It's awesomeStopped working (doesn't start playback) , reinstall didn't fix. Web client
worked. Edit: app working again but pause/skip is slowHelps me concentrate on my writing. I'd love it if there were more tracks
though.You'd be negligent to not use this appGreat for focusing my ADHD brainDoesn't work on my phone. Says it is playing but timer doesn't start and no
sound. :(I love Brian.FM it really works. But I'm super frustrated now with the app.
I'mp paying for it and it never plays, it just buffers. The ap also crashes
constantly in the middle of a session. Please fixOne of the best investments I've made so far for my productivity. It
accompanies me through the day - from work to recovery.Has issues loading and offline mode is terrible needs updatingThe brain.fm music is outstanding. I was listening to them a while ago but never jumped into a subscription because they didn't have an android app. Using the website worked, I just prefer the integration of the app. I recently noticed they have an app now. Downloaded and installed it and went through the guided meditation. It works. I've used different binaural applications and music in the past but none have worked as well. The music is also pleasant and relaxing.This app wouldn't even play!!!!The beats are great! Espicailly the nap and meditation. Worth paying for
after the trialI really notice a difference in my body when using brain.fmGreat app for people who can't focus on a task for a long time.Better than the website because it offers more options, but the audio
buffering is weird on my phone... It takes a while to finally load a track?
Not sure why...Great app is easy to use Update. App hangs up and buffers for 10 to 15
minutes randomly. On BOTH Wi-Fi and network.I've been using brain.fm for over 2 years now and have never looked back.
Every day they help me with napping and sleep. Occasionally it fuels my
meditation. And once it a while it helps me focus. It's easy to use a must
for anyone who wants more productivity and better napsTry it!It is amazing but you have to pay after 15 tries it is kust ridiculous
please say you can use it for 3 weeks before paying.😐Just as described !I LOVE this app. I'm ADHD and I've been using Brain.fm for over two years
now. I was using a browser and a screensaver on my phone before the app was
released. Now I can let my screen sleep and get all the benefits. The
impact on my ability to focus is tremendous. The sleep sounds are also
incredibly beneficial. Plus there are options for meditation. Best app ever.Solid app for a solid service. I've been using brain.fm on the web since
it's launched, and was pleased to see an Android app. It takes a little bit
too long to load the music and sometimes doesn't restart the music cleanly,
but minor issues for really good concentration assistanceLove what the sound waves do to my brain. It's like musical food for my
brain. I tell everyone I can that it's worth the investment!Never could get the music to play...tried turning up volume...headphones.
Nothing worked.אפליקצייה נהדרת למי שיש לו מנוי לאתר עוזרת לי להתרכז בלימודים שלי ולישון
יותר טוב :)I've been using Brain.fm for several months, first online, then the app. I
don't focus well on my own, but this helps drown out distraction and keeps
me moving through work.Stops every 30 minutes, though I set 2 hours timingIt actually works. I accomplish a great deal while listening.I've been using brain.fm for 3 years now. I love it for studying or
concentrating. I've used them for sleep in the past but not regularly. I
love their app!Excellent app for productivity!This app is great for helping me to focus while I'm studying. I also use it
for meditation.oh God itz working yaaarDidn't even work once.... uninstalled after 2 minutes. HUGE FAILApp frequently makes the phone freeze. But when it's not freezing it's so
good that I can't live without itReally cool ideaShould be -5star pay for nothing, any app that does not have exit should be
banned from google play!It's ok. Not the best of its kind.... Doesn't have many options.
Meditations limited to 15 or 30 minutes. Why?An awesome app. Really works. Offline tracks however does not (bug!!), and
I'm not a fan of spending heaps on money on data!Love brainfm but this app crushing my nexus 5x.. it restarts the phone
shortly after starting the session. Please fixThis is the leading company in brain wave entrainment. Ive been using their
products from their company that writes the desktop app. Best quality from
stem to stern and what they say on their website is true, this really does
work. Moreover, the more you use it, in my experience, the more it works,
and much faster as repetition is key. Worth whatever they are charging! :)App would be great if it worked but it doesn't it is Always hanging up and
sometimes I just have to give up.Great for focus and the UI is nice and simple. Also great for sleeping, especially when jet-laggedReally usefull app for anyone who want to settle down a bit for a moment and focus on one specific thing on a time.  This app help me on daily basis to stay focus and relax.It works - for both power naps and focused work.I really liked this app...until I realized I only get a certain amount of tries before paying for it. I don't mind if there were an option to pay for additional content, but I just want it for one thing and that one thing isn't enough to make me want to pay for a subscription to the whole app. Also, I'm on my second try and it won't even play. It says it is, but the timer doesn't move and nothing plays.Service is great, app is a bit buggy. I've been using it for about a day and have already experienced multiple instances of the sound just stopping, even though it says it's still playing (yes my internet works). Just now I encountered something else: it says my selected time has finished, but I've got 1h44m remaining!wow loved it. it changed my mind from procrastination to focused mode. the chp which i thought to do later, finished it within 1 hour just now. i will like to use it more and let see the improvements  in this app.I don't know how. But it really works.I have been using Brain.fm for years and recommending it to many of my
coaching clients. Many of them, like me, have seen significant improvement
from making Brain.fm a habit when we want to get focused and get things
done. If it can help people with ADHD like us, I'm confident there's real
value for everyone. If you have trouble getting started on work, just put
on the focus track even before you feel like starting then begin to take
the steps towards starting see if you find it much easier.... That's been
my experience. I used binaural beats long before finding Brain.fm but this
just makes the whole process simple and more personalized.I use this to work a lot via the desktop, however, I just tried the meditation on the mobile app and it was great!It is enjoyable. I plug my Android to my home theatre and play this thru
it.What great effects!Gooooooooooood ... get itSeems to be useful esp. For nap/sleep. Focus also effective. But,the mobile
app takes too much time for buffering despite 4g connection... Making app a
time-sucker. And yeah.. It stops playing mid-way too.Works great for meBeen using Brain.fm for a while now. Very helpful for focusing on work and
for meditation. It's easy to use and has a decent variety of music.Service is amazing bar none. I do struggle at times with the app (doesn't load a track and would need to restart the app) , but I am sure those are minor bugs that will more than likely get resolved in no time.I've genuinely valued being a subscriber to this app. I use it in conjunction with pomodoro timers to focus on being productive at work and also to filter out noise while commuting. It does help in the same way good videogame music helps keep the tempo of thought going. The science behind it is also good reading. I do think there is scope for improvement. The mobile app should sync to the web app for seamless transition between devices. The web app should have a much smaller mini player option so it can be a window open in the corner (or a widget in the app), the guided meditation option could have translated texts pop up instead of the spoken dialogues for global users, the mobile app should have better interaction with the different themes to explore, a playlist option could then be added so you don't have to switch between tracks and can then work out to different timezones in the day, also when napping the track will stop and give you an option to continue playing with a dialogue but if you're asleep or haven't responded the presumption should be to stop,  there should also be an option for you to monitor your own usage so which tracks you listened to the most and for how long, I'd also welcome a ...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.airnfts.airnfts_mobile_app

"Personally this was the first market I did target hoping to begin to first spark it as an artist. I targets making a story but it got too gory if you want to see it has still plenty for a fee. I sell pretty well on Opensea and Voice two more I explore as a good choice. Easy to use and the discord for the record I've often missed to leave more plenty enough confused. It shows the point I begun to have even fused my first rhymes. This is the genesis to all of my lines. MGBMThere's no option to mint nfts on the app, and the website has been removed so what's the point? Until it's fixed it's a 1 star review.So confused rn 😂supported this w/ 50$ when it came out 2ish years back and received a PFP and 1000 coins. I have minted a few photos for fun but haven't used the market as much as I'd like to. But I'll keep HODLing until yall make it break it or flip it. Sell to Disney. I do wish I would have gotten a male PFP but I did get a girl that reminds me of my daughter so maybe it'll be for her one day and tie it to her Space ID DID. Or maybe do like what Phantasma and Ghostmarket did. Tied to Pavillion. A gaming platIt doesn't see me working at all; so I'm going to go ahead and uninstall it.Good projectNiceNothing loadsThis is one of the best NFT marketplace app I've ever seen. I like how easy I can search NFTs minted on BSC, Polygon and Fantom. AIRT to the moon 🌃best NTFs market <3GoodVery nice nft marketplace app for b...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.audius.app

'Stops at sign-in, endless loading which i think will never get through. That one that asks you name and handle.ui/ux is simpleand no latence. perfectThis app is very great...hard to install but very easy to uninstall... do not ever install this just waste of timeanother sweet platform for Musicians & artists alike 📢goodAwful app and don't work well all time hung and shutdownNot the best app, but it's decentralized so I gotta support them. Cryptoizfuture, Google meSong playing but no sound 🔊This app Lags a little bit, also it will be good to add more known artist, overall this is a decent app 👌i think i shall use YouTube music or Spotify because they atleast let me listen to my custom upload personally, while this doesn'tThe interface is cool but it's still slow and clunky. With time of the team really focus on developing the app and making it user friendly then it could really be something special.Very amazing , audio crypto coin go too moon as soonCan't signinGood app but has bugs like a random playlists crashed the app or the app stopped playing sound randomly to get it back completely stop the app and robot. I'm waiting to hear back from the email I sent about why I can't claim my reward on the phone app since there other options is overwhelmed by traffic.There is nothing in this app that isn't horribly broken. It's almost impressive.Very good and easy to usesuch a wonderful thing, Audioslave has Uti...



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klaep.app

'Great app love itDoesnt work, I can't open the app half the time as it just sits on the logo, When it does open some terms of service thing pops up that i can't exit. The "read more" button doesn't work. (On fire HD Gen 9)Good app'



https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.labelcoin&hl=en_US&gl=US&pli=1

'Great UI and a smooth, polished app!Love the concept!'
